comments.md, before:

21.05.2023
I. Basic initial settings #1
1. Created this repository by React homework template
   (https://github.com/goitacademy/react-homework-template).
2. Set Settings > Actions > General:
   Workflow permissions:
   🔘 Read and write permissions (Workflows have read and write permissions in the repository for all scopes)
   ☑  Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests
3. Changed: "homepage": "https://your_username.github.io/your_repo_name/".

II. Basic initial settings #2
1. Set Settings > Pages:
   Branch: gh-pages from folder "root"
2. Code > About > ⚙ > Website > ☑ Use your GitHub Pages website
   (https://aleksey-dr.github.io/goit-react-hw-03-image-finder/).

III. Adding and configuring tools
1. npm install.
2. npm i prop-types.
3. npm i clsx.
4. npm i react-icons.

IV. Create component <Searchbar>
1. Create a "searchbar" folder in the "components" folder.
2. Create a Searchbar.jsx file in the "searchbar" folder.
3. Create an index.js in the "searchbar" folder.
4. Create <Searchbar> component-function.
5. Adeed "import Searchbar from './searchbar';" to the App.jsx.
6. Added <Searchbar> component-function to the App.jsx.
7. Create a Searchbar.module.css file in the "searchbar" folder.
8. Added styles for <Searchbar> component-function.
9. Changed common styles (html, body. img).

Commit message:

V. Create component <ImageGallery>
Fix
1. Fixed .form styles.

V. Create component <ImageGallery>
1. Created an "imageGallery" folder in the "components" folder.
2. Created an ImageGallery.jsx file in the "imageGallery" folder.
3. Created an index.js in the "imageGallery" folder.
4. Created <ImageGallery> component-function.
5. Adeed "import ImageGallery from './imageGallery';" to the App.jsx.
6. Added <ImageGallery> component-function to the App.jsx.
7. Created a ImageGallery.module.css file in the "imageGallery" folder.
8. Added styles for <ImageGallery> component-function.
9. Added styles for <App> component.

comments.md, after:

21.05.2023
I. Basic initial settings #1
1. Created this repository by React homework template
   (https://github.com/goitacademy/react-homework-template).
2. Set Settings > Actions > General:
   Workflow permissions:
   🔘 Read and write permissions (Workflows have read and write permissions in the repository for all scopes)
   ☑  Allow GitHub Actions to create and approve pull requests
3. Changed: "homepage": "https://your_username.github.io/your_repo_name/".

II. Basic initial settings #2
1. Set Settings > Pages:
   Branch: gh-pages from folder "root"
2. Code > About > ⚙ > Website > ☑ Use your GitHub Pages website
   (https://aleksey-dr.github.io/goit-react-hw-03-image-finder/).

III. Adding and configuring tools
1. npm install.
2. npm i prop-types.
3. npm i clsx.
4. npm i react-icons.

IV. Create component <Searchbar>
1. Created a "searchbar" folder in the "components" folder.
2. Created a Searchbar.jsx file in the "searchbar" folder.
3. Created an index.js in the "searchbar" folder.
4. Created <Searchbar> component-function.
5. Adeed "import Searchbar from './searchbar';" to the App.jsx.
6. Added <Searchbar> component-function to the App.jsx.
7. Created a Searchbar.module.css file in the "searchbar" folder.
8. Added styles for <Searchbar> component-function.
9. Changed common styles (html, body. img).

Fix
1. Fixed .form styles.

V. Create component <ImageGallery>
1. Created an "imageGallery" folder in the "components" folder.
2. Created an ImageGallery.jsx file in the "imageGallery" folder.
3. Created an index.js in the "imageGallery" folder.
4. Created <ImageGallery> component-function.
5. Adeed "import ImageGallery from './imageGallery';" to the App.jsx.
6. Added <ImageGallery> component-function to the App.jsx.
7. Created a ImageGallery.module.css file in the "imageGallery" folder.
8. Added styles for <ImageGallery> component-function.
9. Added styles for <App> component.
